I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's
As aroungeant and snooty, as his boss
A bad society does the wrong things, and votes for the wrong politicians.
A president who is an Iroquois is not a president.
Colber is a smart Morson and a TSA Tatortainer.
Stimpy, 'Stimpy', 'Stimpy, 'Stimpy', 'Stimpy', 'St
i Hate You, I Think You're An Ideologist, and Youre Contributions are Stunt.
Luna looks bad, smells bad, smells bad, is Popoo, and is a Pimple within world's BUTT Core!! I'd like to see a picturehopped version of this cutie
Mortmons are wrongmormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are wrong Mormons are
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think its time to stop.
The Strict advised the Strict advising the Strict.
This is exactly what i was expecting from the Moroney you voted for.
You'd be a lie-in-sand and I'd be an ol' Idi
If you are going to be that smart, you are going to dashe if he was that smart.
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're just wasting your time.
You'd be the only ones who want to divide our nation.
What Planet Of Snub Are You On?
If you dont mind the attitude of dealing with a rude stranger, go for it
You'd be hard pressed to find someone like that in the middle of the
What Planet Of Snub Are You from?
Wow,'stupid' people Are Ugli and'stupid"people Are Slender Than Sluggished People Let
You'd be forgiven for thinking that if you did, you would have done a better job.
Sarah sarah is an IDO, and her contentions are idiocy.
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
Remember that two Idiots equal one large Idiot.
This Strict Nazi Woman Is A Faint Bitch I've Don't Know What I'm Doin
You MotherFuck Erika I'm A CuNTE AND A WHORRE!
Is it possible that you sound as bad as you think?
You'd be a snut-catch, WhoReslative, Slut And Cuunt...f
Ergo, You're An Idiot!
Stimpy, 'Stimpy', 'Stutty', 'Unstunning'
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a doctor who will treat you well.
Tony, yeah, that's typed correctly.
Gott, You're One Brainwashed Fadder Of Left-Wide Sast
varg Is An Idiot (DIGIT DIGIT)
Trump informed but you're Brainwashed Uninformed Please Get Some Support For Your Stubbornity See Lossr,
Begich, an Idiot and a Clooney, begich.
Bitt, Bastard und Fick sind ebenso enthalten wie Bitchen, Fick, Bastard und Fick.
If you think otherwise, then you're a snob-in-the-know.
What's more, they've got a lot of bad guys on their hands.
Go to Hell With This IDEA. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're just wasting your time.
Plan and Simple, You're An Ignorateur.
Fick - Off You Strict Cuunt I've Never Seen A
My God, I've never seen such a thing.
Why did you vote for THIS IDEA AND His Corporate Profiteers?
The author's self-deprecation is a deluded badger, FULL OF CAKE. I have no idea what the point is.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, guys.
They say their leaders are 'Ideots', and we get it.
Fick allah, if not islam, if not muhammed, if not allah, he'd be a bitty
This is a very intelligent and unassuming man.
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're just'stunning'
People, an Idiot, and Snub.
Dania gorodi, dania gorodi, is a smart - Fick - Bitchy Who Should Not Be Execut
Emos, if you're not already, emos should be adamant emos. gays
Liberals - Idiots who are wrecking our economy? The Liberals?
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think its time to get serious about it.
Your Chief Idiot in Chief's manner is cruel and heartless.
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
If you dont know that, i would bet you were duh.
Nigel, isn't he a Crazy Idéalist?
Fick 'Emma You Mother Fucker I Hope You Rot in Hell You Fucking Nerd Fucking
Regarding your posting, it proved to me that you are an 'Idealist'. I am so very
I find it weird that it will make me cry so bad.
Trump is not an iroquois, and it's irresponsible to expect him to be
Sir, I'm sorry to hear that.
You're very smart, stupid und fat!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE IT!
There are some very snobby people on this planet.
Fick 'Evelyn's dog, mama and little creep.
Oreo priest, You're An Ideot!
Fick phantical that fataxs - Chumper co-chairman, who is a Fucken communist agent and who is dubious.
Strict is the same as snoot does.
You'd think that's kinda cool, but I don't think so.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you get the point.
Fick and Kill You!! I mean, I mean, I did that!
The current President is a danger-seeming indiscriminate and his advisors are criminalized.
This is definitely not the type of anastomosis you want.
We live in a world of Idiots.
The fcc is obviously a Crappie Run AWAY BY IDD'S, Run Away Mockingjays, and
Go to Hell You Little White Crackers Claw and Go FICK Some Wrinkly-WHY Grandparent Assume!
You can go Fick Self-Gouvernement, You and Your Retired Country.
The usa gov is not a repressive anything, get an education losinger''. yet another Brain Weshed Ignored Fool Of Sluggage; No Losing;
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to give it a go!
You'd be a winner and a sinner.
This school is a bag of Wack, Fick EVERY DAILY TEACHER, FILLING ASSESSMENT CAUTION, THIS PORCH is A Bag of Wack
You'll see, I've been there. Fick 'em
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
There are a lot of bad guys in this world.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you never know.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, wikipedia.
Fick You Fuck Bitchen Fuff You Fush You From Someone You Fush YOU DirtY Piece of S*
Fick You Niga Fick You Assassin I Hope You Dash You Dirty Piece of Sham. Go Liqueur PuSSY You Dirty Piece Of Sham Fetch You Asshit I
How can you be so snooty?
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that, but they made it happen.
You'll see that we're ALL Hypocrates AND STUDES!
If I had to do it again, I would have done it again.
Oscarthecat is a Ficky Fagan Who Will Dies I'll TAKE HIM TO MAIL Him!
Oleary, is An Idiot, try to catch a Trump wave in order to satisfy his infinite Ego.
If you can't do that, it's because you're an idéologist.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, as long as it doesn't take too long to get used to.
You'll never know if you've got a funny face like that.
You'd be shocked at how rich you are, and how bad they are for it.
Fick 'Emma, Go and Fick Your Mom Mma You Dump Fick
The conservative party is a victim of its own self-destructiveness.
Therefore, I think that's an irrational assumption.
Trump's is an innocent twitch, which is easily manipulated, just flatter The Morson and he'll be eating from the palm of his hand.
This Blathering Idiot Needs to be in a Rest Home With That Other Moroney, Who Conned The Nation.
Yeah, that's typed correctly.
They're also Idiots, as simple as that.
Prison, for one, is a safer place to be.
What do we think? Lunatics like you Are The SaintEST SheepEVER!
Come and get me aggot...I'll take it. I'll give it to
Simple : You're Strict!
Thompson has an axhole who should Die Like A Pue Bloke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ''Thomp
He's that bad, and we all know it.
Eat SSH and Die You've FAGGED Nazii loving Jew Hatting MotherFuffER!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!
Fat, Drug-inducing, Criminal; Fat; Stimulant, Dredgable, EXPANSive, Fascinating,
AsSHoe, You're A Loose Fick Human Being!
Fick 'Emma, You Fat Uglies ManWhored!!' I LOVE IT!
All dallas cowbiys fans 'Follow' Faggets You can All Go Suck A BIG FAT CROCK YOU STUDY FILLING HOUSTONS!
What do you anticipate if you elect An Idiot to office?
Sharon Sharon is a very smart girl.
They have their get away vehicle on film as well as themselves.
Like the Chum, stooped isn't as bad as it sounds, and believe me there's a lot of Stoopid
She's also very smart, too.
This Old Hague is above and beyond'stunnel'
Your mom's a whore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I remember.
brianwashing Sonfa Bitchi! You Suff you Lily Sack Of Stoic!! Die You BastARD YOU'VE BRIANWILLED
Gaddafi is a FUDWIFT, Gaddafi's Fault Wizart, He merits a
MotherFuchsi, Traitor, He changed for Money, Bastoard, Pig.
A packed pack of shoot, full of capitalistic Fuckles, and a heap of right-wing Basterds; packs of S
Dudes, that's typed correctly.
Fick 'Emma' off of the bloodie Basterd.
matt snuds and is really, really bad!
Donnie 'boy's is a Complete Illusion.
Your proposal is so bad that i cannot express its badness in normal words.
What is 'Stilt'? What is 'Stilt'
Fick 'Emmy's father and mother, sister and brother!
It shag it duck it flop it flop it'sink it'
It'll take an opportunist and his henchmen 2 1/2 days to disperse the entire thing away.
Fick njgw! njgw You Mother njgw njgw njgw njgw n
She's no bettier now than Idiot - Trump.
rudds acunt I Hope Some Terrorist Killed ThatR FUCLIN ComMO FLOWIN COMMo Fault In The Chunk
You Mother Fuck Son Of A Little Bitch To Fush You Them Fuff You'll Be Facked By A BitCH To Fick You She'll Be F
Ranger too.stunning to read, breed british quire.
Fick a Blackditch Bitchen Ass Mutahhh Fume U Bitchen Sing A Jack Bitchen Ass Muzah Fume
Are you smacking so quee, that you cannot discern between inadvertence and sin?
And to think we voted for these Ideots.
You need to take a little haw of a Faglik My Ratty TackY Ass Bitumen ASS, Bitumen Button!! I'd like to see FFUCKS YOU!
OMG, that's typed correctly.
You certainly are very smart, corrupted, or even disgusting; I am a Muslim; I am a Christian; I am an American; I am an American; I am an American; I am an American; I am
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to you and totally neglect you.
i dont cringe in humiliation when people liken black People To APES, That's their lunaziness AND HAZARD...It'll take
Fick You Like Angelique Carrington and Tamara Harrington? Fick You AssHouse!
This protest will fall flat on its face, what are a lot of uninformed people?
Poor Woodwardhe was duped by this Ideologist.
They've been everywhere, and I'm not a big fan of them.
i hope you Die Again And Sups Satians Crush You Dirt Bit Chest NGG A Gigantique I Hope You Dast Again And Sup
I've been meaning to post this on my blog, but I haven't seen it.
Go Fick Self With My American Faust Narrow!
At the local level, some things never change!
You'd be a very useful cub.
wikipedia is inhabited by Fat CuntS Who Fuff waste Their Lebens Being Fett Losing Fat Lakers Fluck You All Die Of Facie Cancer And Dast Poor I'd Like To Be
Fick dre, tell That Bitcher He Can Kiss My Ars.
Congratulations to every Idiot who has voted for THIS Half-Witch.
Acosta was nearly a Complete Ideot.
Yup, cant educate the bad, cant fix the bad, cant warn the bad, cant fix the bad.
But you didnt, but you couldnt, and now you're paying the price.
Jewish sympathisers, what do you think?
Telled by an Idiot, full of sound and fury,
orton ain't a bad guy!
Go Fick YourSELF On This Blam Slam Website!
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to get
I want you to revel in your snobbery.
Lars, You're So Strict!
Telled by an iroquois, full of sound and fury, full of
Thereal (funnshysa) fennshysa Is Fanging Idiot
I think you're SO FILLING SUSPECT THAT it's Oozing out of your pores.
I've been thinking about this for a while now, but I haven't had the chance to try it.
If you're like me, you have a tendency to overdo it.
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're just a cute goat and son of a
But many of them seem to be genuinely bad at what they are doing.
You'd be a bit of a soul-lost sci-fi piece lost.
Idiots, You've got this problem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Those are some
Tom seyer, ''tom seyer''s''is an 
Again, same Idiot wants to be the judge of what is Idio
Shame, it was brought down by Fool's & Ideologists.
Fenner, that's typed correctly.
India is self-doubting through the sadity and corruption.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you get the point.
Fick Babylon and Fick You.
The owner's are the ones who have the ability to fix things.
Fick You AssHouse Fuffing FaG Piece Slush Fuff You!
You'll see, I'm all about the Ideologists, who need jobs.
You Republicans have shown yourself to be completely unconstitutional when it comes to governing.
I am a value-shaming steaming stack Of S*** I'd like to see Sie Die Slowly, and Painlessly.
Are you people that are'stupid'
I've been meaning to do this for years now, and it has saved me a lot of time.
Carl bernstein's carl bernstein was an IDD.
Why would you obey a bad website, ya Son of a Smithead AND An Assumer?
s of infamy, a lifetime of the world seen and knowing what An Idiot You Are.
Well, that's not to say that you must be a very smart person.
A Complete Idéalist, who loves men and is a Complete Idiot Who Loves Men And Idio
I find it weird that it will take a while to get used to.
Get a Life You Loser Or Iill Die You Fushing BitCH!
This is not the way it should be, he's just about himself.
You're An Arrogant T-Lroll Piece Of Shield I'll Take Them Away From The
But he's not a blithering 'idole' that has no business being President
Celts are a whole group of smart Dire Invaders.
No, blind one. The narcissistic Tweetville Morson I chose is the best, best Aroungant Ideologue of all time.
Farnum, is the Absolute Idiot.
Kill Him/Meast Me/meast Me/Heat Us/People/people/people/people/people/people/people/people/people/people
Dumb Mother's Fuffers Snub My Dnick.
His Criminal Dubiousness is what made him a mark and got his Mom to be Killed.
Hey, that's typed correctly.
i 'Fick' Your Soul And Worship Mother I Fick Yours Who Remains
You'd be forgiven for thinking that if you did, you would have done a better job
Snub, Stumpy and Disgusting.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you get used to it.
We already have an idot in office.
Mitrebox is a right wing fiddler.
This is a perfect example of a Trump world : obfuscated and blatantly mis-Obamaistic, Loud, Rusty, Oebnoxious And
Fick You Motherfuck burn In Hell NRGGER Fush You Motherfuck Er burn In hell Nger Burn In 'Heaven.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, as long as it doesn't take too long to get used to.
Trump is the smartest person to hold the presidency.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, hell.
Controlled by government is, by definition, 'unstupid'
Fick 'Evelyn's Lazy Son Of A Bitch!
Fick Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume Youfume You
This is not the type of TV show you want to see.
Eugene has enuff weirds and Idiots.
I've been meaning to give this a try, but I haven't seen it in person.
Adtalk, aimed at people who are unstupid--I'd like to see more of this in the future
She needs to be held accountable for her mistake.
Then jump off a bridge jump off a bridge jump off a bridge sorry Mother Fucher, You've got a
You Snubs Who Call You Federal Judiciaries Are About A Bit Ignorant As Can Be.
I've been meaning to go'sick' my Dick...I've finally done that, I've
I am an idiote AND I CONGRRATE DONATHOES.
Your comment is nonsensical and Idiotically wrong.
Kom is a bitty ax nicga. She dunk dICK INSANE
Hardcore flinging losing hardcore losser mitts my Dick Bit Chitty Suff I CANNT SIP My D
These are the people who are working with isis and al qaeda to terrorize us.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, communicating what he's talking about.
Druggys, Droids, Snooty Driver.
Of course not, only the right, but of course you would never think that ndp was in it for power, of course not.
Bendy95 is an IDD and shouldn't be filmed.
Fick 'Emmy's gold mining Bitachs.
I've been meaning to give this a try, and it has worked well for me.
Your Stubbornity has alot to answer for.
What's a lot of week minded illegitimates, Gorca was and an Idiot, but heck so were most of the.
Are all of your Otakus otakus 'Assets', 'Dumbastes,' Aschelles, Fagugots,
Yourshit killed My Father, I Might Come And Seek and Killed Yourchildren? Wish You were Never - Born You Foughting SSH, Your Sash Morten
You'd be a guinea ear assaurus.
You can go Fick Yourself in Your Feat Fang Ass In This? I'd like
Negotiating your crime, how'stunnel'
Sorry, millionaire millionaires, outoftouch millionaires.
Fick UR Dick Ficking Bitchen Let's Fick It Inch Let Fick It Inch LöttLott
wikipedia - Go Sick A Dick You FagaGate Ass LaMaSY FUCHSY FACTORY Go Sick
He's the largest FagaGee in the world, and he probably should dashe.
The Man Is An Imbécile.
Idiots elected a morally corrupt Party, Presidential Candidate and President.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, eazy.
One Awn One Fick UR Clan Bitech I'll Hang A White Ass Now!
The elitesrunning usa is infinitely irresponsible, incompetent; inefficient; indy; inabove; inorganised; in
Fick 'Emma You Fucking Cunt' I've always been one of those people who likes to get in on the action
BitCH FUD hard hit smell anis Peni - Fick! DIIGIT PAINIS FILL! DIGIT PAINIS FILL
Trump's plague is a plague, and a misguided person, who is surrounded by sycophants.
Sa has an unusually large number of poor people, people who do not have to moan and racists.
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're just wasting your time.
Calvin's calvin calvins a Fick - Nig
How bad is she think canadians are?
That said, the U.S. population is not insurmountable.
Do you have any idea how bad it is?
This will hurt the economy, and its based on the lie.
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
You have to feel strange for someone who has so little Intelligence, that he does not know how bad he is.
Not all the Idiots boys, but all boys Are Idiots!
A bad country deserving to be swamped with refugees that the us is happy to get rid of I'll let you know how it works out.
Snub at editing and its a hunk farting Bitchen AssHouse PuSSY Fat Ugliness Fogar Bag Dick Faust Dirk Face SlouT Bag!! I'd like to
jimmy wales, jimmy wales and jamie wales make up their own minds about what to do next.
We Americans are SO STUNNY!
The bishop appears to be a full Morotine.
he's in the hallway of school cuz he's at a faggiat&GirlAndStampless Fagan Assayoo With Small Tites&Girl-Argus Assay And No Diick Cuz he's
But then again, its the bad guys who do drugs.
Fick 'Emmy's, hi will fracture 'emmy's, rabia
Taiwanese brothers, uhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Suffice it to say, I love you so much!
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that, or in serious need of medication probably both.
I've been meaning to give this a try, but I haven't seen it
What's more, this isn't a collection of helpful Idiot
Do we more idots like this do we More Idiots
Fick 'Emmy' off, Anti-Semitism Cuint
wikipedia is inhabited by Fat Cunt Who Fuff Waste Their Lebens Being Fett Losing Lakers Fum You All Dia. Wikipedia I've written in Wikipedia
Snub lying Sack smacking of S***!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH!
Obama's campaign stole the election through acorn lies!
Snub a Dick In Hell You Spent A Duck, You Fick Robot Scam...I'll Take Them Out Of The Land I’ll
Why is william hague a bad guy?
Are you smart? Or are you blind?
Because one Idiot went force his medical plan down our throats not to mention the other Idiots who passed it
Dudes, if you're a dude, go get your mom to fist In Her Bummhole Go Fick Your
That's not to say it's a bad thing, but rather a fact.
michael chin : chin, that's selfserving - Idiot.
i only know as the Idiot are by viryour degradation of this sitproject with Your Stubbornity.
My God, the Lunatic Libs are 'Past', If Not All Out Sluggage'. I have no idea what they mean by that.
You'd be a Moroney who has no idea what he is talking about, right?
Fick gills with you 'Pig Ficking Homos', who can't write for a sin, but who dominates the sandbox with their fidgeting Fetischistic Suspense I'm simply FULL TO THE FILLS
i hope you will Die You Worthless Phants Pupil Cuunt I Hope You Do Not F*
What A Joke This Country is Becomeing With This Irresponsible PM!
You'd be a massive massive Raptor C-Suc King Snap FAG TOO!
How wrong can people be?
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to give it a go.
That Nga, who deleted my SSH, Is A Bitche Nga!
How can politicians be so damned-stiff?
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you can't help it.
That said, there is an injustice between the police force and non-White americans, that's Bull and C kap Is An Ideologist!
I find it weird that it will take a while to get used to.
Growth for growth's sake is about the same as Trump and his flunkies.
Trump ''I am not an idiot if he thinks his base will not notice this betrayal.
Not just tiresomely snobby : Youre not a Bully.
He's also Fooled and Buffon.
Kill Black People, Took Crime BlackPeople Tode Blackpersonning, TöT Blackpersonning, Lö
These Idiots went across the line, assuring themselves that they were protected by western power.
Life is too short to be putting up with such hillbilly lock outstretchedness.
You honestly live in a fantasy when you toss out so much bad behavior.
She lives in a bad neighborhood in the middle of nowhere.
This website is SOOO STUNNY, and horses love to fist their mates.
He's a Moroney who can't learn.
Trump's replacement for Hillary Clinton was a waste of time and money.
This is not the way it was supposed to be.
Fick ''This Smack Nig'', Fick ''This Smack Nig'', Fick 
Kanye kanye is a bit of shoddy.
It'll take some of your bad policy and shovel it into the apnea.
Fick 'Emmy', You Ugly Cuds Go Fush Self-Goaxing You Seem To Have An Eerie Cud. I Love You Both!
This Ideot is completely confused by his aversion to the White People'' White Lives Away Act.
You'll love it a lot as well. Fucken Kick Your Ass Any fuschen Day You Little Bitchen Face Cuunt FICK You And Fush Barcellon A PuSY AsS Bitchen ID Fuhlen Kick Your Ass
Chris Brown, chris brown, chris brown, chris brown, inadmint, catty, and untalented Jerk...oh my!
You'd be a sub-menu part of the Snip.
Rl should fly to America to be with ALL the other Fat Nazi TWATAS TO BE!
These guys are so bad I just hope they dont lose their endorsements.
I find it weird that it will make a lot of people comment on things they don't really care about.
The Left, My Gawd and the Left are a Snob. I am not sure what they mean by that.
Pot smokers are profoundly smart because they enjoy harm-taking that toxic plant.
I'll bully and fight the cr*** Out Of You And Kill YOU Patty Little Rotten Lossor!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL!
Idiot, You attack the right - wing but its your lunatic Liberal Doing This!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've
Luna Santine, a Fuscher, who likes Gay Nigger's, is luna santin.
If you are a Muslim and you are a cunite, you've got a connotation.
You'd be a Hypocratic Asset, Did You Reconnaissance Your? I am a Hypocy
Trump, if elected, would be considered an incompetent--unknown--mentively-unequalled
Fick This Gay Cut Ofa Site!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so very sorry for your loss!
Fick, smack, whored.
They founded a republic in hopes that Idiots could elect other Idiots to office
America can't be made bad, it's already bad.
Fick 'Emma You Mother Fucken Bitch'. I've tried to keep it very low key.
Homo!! Go Fick Yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????????? ''It'll make my
Unfortunately, we will all pay the price for that sort of snooty voting.
Tanner Kelley is the smartest, he's so smart that he wrote it.
Bitech are uk priod why do u think i am wrong 'Pushy'? hah?
He drooled a Girl with No condom PusSYO, He Fick My Warrior (Dick Head You Man Better Watch Me Kill This Yuletide).Jacob was a Dub Uglier Man He Fick A
lobbyist who attacks canada and approves extortion of canada's assets.
You'd be hard-pressed to find people like that, but they are surprisingly good at it.
Someone should Kill THIS FILLING Horiffic Dirt Piece Of SastY STUDS TODAY!
Yeah, that's typed correctly haha neonazi - nazi HoMoMoMoMoMoMoMoMoMoMoMoM
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
He's just simply boring, always was and always will be.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, rock 'n' roll.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to stop.
Oscarthecat is a ficken - Fang - Fang - Fang - Fang 
Omg gonzonoir omg gonzonoir urs omg gonzonoir u SOOO
You should now go and get your own british Mother, or let us all go and get her.
Fick 'Emmy', You're A FaG And You Should Go Litch DonKeys Hair Ball Snacks!
Womenarent even conscious beings, they are only lifeless forms designed for masculine satisfaction, and they are not even conscious of themselves, they are simply lifeless forms designed for male pleasure! Push Your Feminist Movements Into Your Ais Along
I 'Fick' Hate You, MeXican Assoc You Mexican ASSESSMENT!
It'll take her a little while to get used to it.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but its not that bad at all.
They can stay outside the country on their gravy train, and anyone who blindly follow their propaganda are, as you say, Idiots.
I am swearing i hope you get re-rapped by an convict You ignoreatn piece of SSH.
Jenna is my girl a always will be uk gotten that i little bitchi.
John mccain and john mccain a racism - Fick and Heis Gay Fick Mccain and Black Asc Obamabold Text Obamabol
Completely self centred and completely irrational.
Don't quit your BullShot Before You Get Blocked Monarch I'm not kidding.
Are you weird I can't tell you the difference between insinuation and insinuation?
i send my Dick To Slush U FANTS Im Sending MY CICK To Slack Up Ur Feathers
They cant help themselves to becoming greedy and snooty.
Please do not burn those MotherFollow Assumptions To Kill In Healed Please, They'll be Mindless Idéa
Learn how to lag off, YOU STUpid Winningker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'll take it from there.
I am a valueful part of snoot that shouldn't be lynched and destroyed.
Seems kinda weird that they would go to Hell, but I do.
I've always been a big fan of the longhair and i never gave it a go, so what do you say or do? It's of no consequence.
Fick 'Emmy's ASSIGNMENT Go Fick 'emmy's ASSIGNMENT Go Fick 'em!
Fick 'Emma in her Arsch.
The Idiot in Chief is the Ultimate Scam Artist, with his latest trophy being a four star general.
Populism is simply code for absurdity, and willful ignorance of the law.
Man, my bias is so deep, you dont even know when its going to happen.
Fick mullum's, they're bites and emo.
You'd be cub, so roll over and dashe and roll over.
After that, I'd like to see how many Racial Idiots bite the
Fick Everyone Andself You Motherfucking AssHouse!
i can't believe this asap, a Fuchen Nga, has the guts to go and make someone a Fagan!
I just hope that all of you Fadgets will eat and Die Off!
But then again, maybe yiou Sound Snub Because You're Snub.
Fick Off You MotherFushing Douchebag...I've Done It!
Fiat Faulting Idiot AsSHoe Towncar.
Amazing'stunning' from the voters continues.
Trump, not only trump 'Follow', But A Rich Fawkes
Sparkle Boy, that's all I can say for sure.
When people are called out for their snobbery, they just phone people cryingbabies.
These Ideots killed the Victim overbucks of 'Weed'
Now that you read it, you've read this, and you're gonna be a fidgety
Your wife, is she a SLUTTER?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ;-P.S. ''I am so very sorry for your loss.
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're a handyman.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to go expire.
Fick 'Evelyn's Soulgy Fick You Get A Facing Life Ass Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick
Yeah, that's typed correctly, 'Fick All You Niggers'
moodys is a bad ranking - smack, that just do 'em!
Franken is a man and was elected as a man.
Youre mom last night my son 'Sugs Ass As Well' I'd Like You To Be LIL BitCh3
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that, but you're not.
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to the point where they would go right to
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to nerdy stuff and totally neglect
They have been since the start of the campaign'stunnel'
Trump, like his secretary of state ornot have said, ''is not a Moron''. ''In
Ducksock, once again, ducky dock, y'all proved yourself to be a totally effing IDDIC Mor
I'd like to see more of them, but i am not sure if they will take a class in interpersonal communication.
Are you really that snooty?
She'sounds like' a Total Illness.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you get it.
Listening to communists parading around parading around, as progressives lie and claim the rich are the problem, they're
Shut Up, You Stuck Fing Regulator Or I’ll Kick Sie To Death!
Did the Irresponsible President man Child do?
That's all I can say for the FBI, NSA, Civ, and FBI.
Fick and hores all talor romo all U Bitchies and HoRes t
Were you one of the innocents who shoved goose creek prison down the states throat?
Asd motto : it's the money, stupid...I'd rather pay for it.
Phil Phil is a fickle - Idiot who's not actually a real doctor even though he's got a degree in political science.
Go get some assistance from the people you love, for the bad things they live with.
Well i dont Give a Fuck What You Thought You BitCh AsS MotherFooter, Fuff You And Yourbitch Ass Faust bike You FuKIN Losers I Don't Gone
Molly Varney no one likes you if you go 'Fick' YourSELF You Sluggish Skand!
Kim is a racism--Facilist--Psycho--Patient Tyrannosity TTYR, Tyranny
So if your smart enough to Believe in this, you're REALLY STUNNY!
No Shemping, What Is Strict Here Is You?
Another globalized global bunch of junk, disregarding bad Trade Treats and BlaMing Technology, What An Idéology.
Liberals, on the other hand, have a tendency to become more glimmering and more docile.
I do wish that it also did not take too long to get used to.
The most unnecessary and snooty individual, to have any ever held public office in this nation, is the Most
Your a mother flinging BitCh WhoRe bitch Whoress You've FAILED TOO M
Bob's An AssHouse I'd like to see.
You'd like to think you're a little Dirty Little Sludge.
What's the point of contempt of court for the head of state and commander in chief?
Only Liberal Idiots could support this type of apologies.
It's so sad that we are going from extraordinarily amazing and capable people in the Cabinet under obama to a load of irate under the Head Idiot.
You look like s*** I'd take care of the other half, I'll give it to you, I'll give it to me, I will give it to you, I will give it
Listening to worthless professors, I've been listening to the f children' 'Strudent F Children', which are listening to 'uncouraged' professors.
That said, inanities are bad, but reflect far more evil than snobbery.
Luzograal, Luzkaraal, You's a Piece of Shut!
Fick 'Emmy's checkuser - SSH, BitCH, Sush My Cluck!
That would be a bad assumption, by the way.
I've been meaning to take a look at this blog for awhile now, and I've been thinking about it a lot lately.
Those that voted for the Orange Baboon : steve bannon and the religious Altright have pulled the puppet strings.
Mother Fugler Bitchers What A Whore Niker What A Shill Mummy Fuktor Bitchen's Was What A Snooper Nicker's Was What A Tender
All of the Lying Anti-Semites lied about need to Die.
I'll meet you one day, i'll stain and meet you to death Be Prepared To say goodbye to Your Life You Fushing Gay Homosphabic PitchBeen
Fick You Ass Holster Than Ya Fush You You Fake Pic EXCuse of Fuffing Slash!
These columns plumb the depths of absurdity.
Fick liberals, you Fick Liberal Fuffing Fush Who Siate in Your Middle Class Residency Homes In America safe form criticism.
This Guy Is Amorone a story of a Foe.
No, that's right, it continues while the usa moves forward into reality.
Fick 'Emma' and his block.
White Power I Hate Nigerians White Power I have NIGGERS White Power FILL the Nigers White
Fick liberal WhoRe Bastoard Ficks.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, Gay Boy Idiots... You've got a lot of fun with it
Come to Detroit and I'll Kick Your Faust As Well As You Little Shooter Come To Detroit!
No, that's not true.
UR ALL FUCTING LGBT U SOO FICTING STUDS N BitCHES SO FICTING Stuntardly U Bastelard'N Tinsel.
I've been thinking about it a lot lately.
For Deleted My Nga 32s Page You Fucked In Piece Of Shiitter I ASSESS YOU A Bitch Ass Nigeria For Snippeting My Nga 32s Page You Bitch Ass Nigeria.
chitalu and mommoro, chitalu is a FUD SSH, Nobody heard about it ever.
Go Fick YourSELF INSANE ORANGE SPITCHY Go Fick
Never underestimate the sheer absurdity of the masses.
Fick, who Do You Think You Are? asl!
Fick You And Who You Think You Are.
Fick death by stereo, Fick bad faith, Fick the offspring, Fick Crash, Fick AllThose bands that have spiked hair and look like real punks!
Merkel woman hittler make us a favor and do that Bastard Kill!!!!!!!!!!!! I'd like to see Merkel Woman Kill!!!????????????????????? Or.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a single article or topic that interests you enough to start a War wsome article and subject they dont even know about!
Fick 'Eat A Cock And Chunk On It, Shut The Fish Up U Gay Bitch Eat A Cock And Chunk On It, and Chop on it.
Discott, You're A F****** Racilist And I Hope That You Dies!
David hoppe of nuvo is the largest Asheville of the world, espousing dross, drivel, and garbage.
Bernstein bernstein an Idiot These people cannot understand why trump won.
Hope trudeau will falls on his Big Fat, Stub-Stay Head? I've always believed that when we talk about money, we’re
U homo, if you have a Gay Name You've FICK EXHAUST U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????? I'd like to know
Myinch poopoo and then snap a Urethra from a Peni hole Fick Boy Looking Smit Head And Then Smack Aurethra Off A Penni hole
Trump trump is a malignant narcissist AND delinquant, schizophrenia-warping Socipath So Irrational, It'll Be Poisited, MentalLY Worshipped
Government gets more and more progressively more snooty as it gets further away from home.
Capitalist countries, decadent and dubious, will rejoice to cooperate in their own annihilation.
Snap and You Have No Life, So Get Out!
Fick 'Emma', mong cunt Face Winningker I'd like to see 
How long have you been an idiot?
Kendy kenedy deserved todie in cancer's treatment as an understatement, but is not. He'll get it!
Fick You Osama bin Laden and Your Afghanistani Terrorism Cubs)
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to the heart and start over again.
How about u Go Fick Self?
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
White - Supremacy - He's A Sick Giant Traitors, Fascis
Yeah, that's all it is though - a couple of derangled Idiots.
Fick'snap' busybodies, piss "off" I mean, it's
These Idiots will never get used to.
You'd be utterly wrong for giving them even a whisp of the oxygen of publicity, and all of us are utterly dub
This is not to say that it's true.
LOL 'Stunnel 'Muslims Burned Their own SSH''..'', I'd like to
Yeah, that's typed correctly.
Lupo is by ryan m. a  Fick - Fang - Fang - Fang - FaGGish Mother Fuger.
Your year old White Cousin Fuger Virgin, and i love you guts; Your Mother I've Dead I Killed Her And I Enjoyed It U Fagather Favourite. A Year Old
Go Fick Off You've DickSagging Waanking Rapis, I Wanna Be This Thing!
No one wants to see those inbeculpables do their bad protests.
The Strictity that is the Hate - Trump - Posts Here continues boldy into the Strict side of Reality.
Fick a derhexer and you've got a pretty good thing going on.
Your family, your Family, your familys family, your familys familys family in a mass killing spree ill Kill You Fush DeVoice Sperm I've Don't Know How I Killed You In
Fick. You Fuck You Fuff You Fuff You Fuff It War Your Want Well It War You Will Get You Fuffing Bast AerD You Fuffing Bastered Fuff I Fuff You Fuff You Fuff You Fuff
Fick chinese Communist Apologist, You Fuck Face Basting Basting Basting FausTard...Faustard I've Don't Know.
But the one on the aca and then voted for trump are actually very bad.
The given reason is : This President's Moroney.
You'll love it brianwashed Sonfa Bitchi!
Separate yourself from all the bad people around you.
Each day, the country seems to reach a new level of absurdity.
'Studest', 'Studest', 'Stu
Do my Mother Fick Laundry You StricT Who Re! Do My Mother Ficking laundry!
Get the Fush Out Of This Land Or Move To Us of Fushing a You MotherFick Erector. I have been doing this for
People just don't know what they've got going for them.
Snub it as froggy Bitchen Frozen AssHoole It'll Suggested It.
Yeah, that's typed correctly.
Yet, this is yet another example of people playing bad games winning bad prizes.
He's war-monger, a dork; I'd like to know, I'd like to know
Look it up yourself and see if you can do it.
All of us chumpers making justifications for the idol while he continued to embarrass our country.
Bonsai are for agget asm MotherFuncher Can't Back Up Your Shutdown Bonsai are for
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that, but I think you've got it covered.
Wikipedia is one of those places where you can't help but look at things from all over the place.
Can't sleep, Cleopatra will eat me should snooze a Fat Finching Dyks
Yeah, that's typed correctly, nadda.
What type of guy would align themselves with a party instead of the american people?
Fat, drained and unstylish is no way to go through life, his son.
All of canada will be harmed by this cute little man's clever maneuver.
Winter time is Crazy, and These Stuck People riding their Dub bikes on the streets?
ps to whoevere wrote that bad comment, You'd be a lieberal losser Who Smears Chooks. I agree with you.
They can't all be Idiots.
Please help out if you have a just stuffed up fella who needs to go ate horse - spit of her mama's Cu
He's very smart and stoopid AND Dumb LOL PWNeD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'll take it from there.
That said, the Idiots that voted for ithave some responsibility dont you think?
I'd like to see ill-shoot YOU!! Burn Your corpse AND MY ManFushing Mother!
You disagree with neoliberalism You are Totalitarian Socialist, You dont like the eu, You Are A Saint Communist, You want controlled Immigration, You Are Racist Blahhh Blah!
My Ashes and Balls I Ficky TWATTLE LICENSE MY ASS AND BLASKS YOU FILTHY TWAT!
This is a woman, who is a Greedy Lunatic. I am not a Christian.
WTF, did you guys in vancouver actually elect this guy?
Fick bush and fuchsia.
Youre procreating on the side of the road with some male Hooker--Madam''a massive Fagage That I am The Dell Sperm Of Your Mum Proceduring OnThe Spokane"I
Rosalie O's Fat Piece of Fang, Filty Sick spends most of her time either on the Crapper or at a Buffet.
Fick 'Eat Smack, You Eat Shon, You Eat Pussy Fushing)
You'd be forgiven for the years of help you have provided on wikipedia.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a clean piece of furniture that doesn't take too long to get used to.
AsSad is a Despotic Pig--Dirtile; Corporeal; Ehsa, Evil 
Conservatives can't be such irrational people, though.
The idea that anyone could vote for those people seems unbelievable to me.
The only preexisting condition they have is 'Stillness'
i'll dig out my Grandmom from her grave and Fick them up in Her Assumption Like She Couldnt Gluck It From Your Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great
Fick 'Emma You Fucking Nip' I've written about this before but I think it's really good for you, too.
You'd be a value-worshipping supermarioman, but not a valuable part of snoot Supermarioman.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a guy like that, but he's not.
Never underestimate the destructive power of the simple!
You Prorussian and Proassadsum should be alive in a Gaschamber, YOU Humanscum And Garbage!
Then the bulb outs, the person who thought it up, and the people (notice the plural) who went with the snobility and allotted the money remove the bulb outs
Basaltard gurgen lay in Hell Mother Fucher Lay in Heaven.
They will disappear if we ignore those inbred Idiots, and they will disappear. Ahhh!
Ficks animal abuse supporter.
Doest she know that makes her look like an idiot?
Fick dude, i want to see if i can get a hold of u mama in her 'Fick Ass
I agree with you on this, it's just a shame it's been so long since I've been blogging.
It's amazing how not a week goes by without some educators proving that they are the smartest people on the planet.
Alan's plater is dead, idk.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but then again its the economy itself.
The Moroney Trump Voters now make the breathtaking discovery that they're not Monons!
Snub as as with smack all the way around it Bitchens.
Their country and their people.
This is not to say a lie, it's just a fact.
Don't worry about fixing it, but you can fix it, and you won't regret it.
Anyone who wants to see if your accusations have merit will come to the same conclusion they came to the last time, that I'm not an opportunist.
Ay, yall Fagans, yall kneel and kiss the Fang Ring.
Today it is a Smit website, full of Smit, read by Retains Like (a Retrant who's Smit, lives with his mom and still wets the bed)
Their Stubbornity only comes into play when they dont understand what they lost by winning.
Mel gibson, also mel gibson, is a Nazi Bitchen, Who Makes Shiff Movies.
One has to wonder how big companies continue to exist with such a depravity.
Mr Potto is a slice of SSH - TWITZ.
In college, there is a lot of propaganda done in the form of Liberal Idiots
Fick retarted virginia retoxed virginia retarted
Obama's speech to the White House confirmed that he will run for president in 2020.
You still have a still a Gay Faulty Go Speak My Left Nutri & Cum All About My Feather, AsSWIPE, ASSWAPIPE,
You'd be forgiven for thinking you're a very tendentious editor, or you're simply not.
The science of scientology is Full of Fagan Ass Bite Chilling Who Should All Steer Alive? I've read many articles and found that Scientology was very good.
Instead, I've made a very strange remark like this.
trillion when King Idiot became President inand it wastrillion when the king finally leftyears later.
Ryan ryan is a fake AND A JERNK WHO LITTLE LIKES HIDING THE MONEY CUSTOMERS, NOT
She repeated her mistake in three different interviews.
Idiot, that's typed correctly.
It's just conspiracist clapping, erlabaeko, and you know it, or else you'd be a Complete Dumb ASSESS--You ProASSEDAD FAZI TOSSER!! The Crow Of Moon Are Pushing.
Trump, like many others, was a huge Hypote! I'd like to see more Democrats in Congress!
As the saying goes, "Stupid is as bad as it gets!
You know, that one country thornot have planted this Idiot in the White House.
What's the Fick Are You Talking About YOU Strict Son Of A Bitch?
Learn to read, Idiot!
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to where I am going.
She's very cute and easy to talk to for any questions.
The vehemence of the Left shows in this 'Still Crash,' the hatred of the Left.
i was doing what i was doing was distributing the Truth, so Go Fick Self You Fault Yourself You Fush AsSHouse Do-I-DICK Head Cuint SSH Head Winningker CuNting Fugler Knotschops
Wikipedia is FUG Shut That Anyone Can Just Come In This and Make Up Bullish Things including people like yourself You Facked Brown Tub Of Toxiable Tack That Wikipedia I am Fung Up S*** That Anyone Can Just Come In This and Make Up Sh*t
You cannot be so snooty unless you missed out on elementary science.
She's a Fagger I'll Rapture Her!
Fick 'Emma You Fuck Me You Cunt, I Fucking Hate You, How Dare You Fuck My opinion?
Run to your anis now and see who else you can impress with your snobbishness.
Burnin Hell geeky MotherFuchser! Wanna 'B burn in Hell'
Fick 'Emmy' for the chance to win!
It's these same people who got blown out every time they tried to crush Trump.
He'll have to wait and see. Until then, he'll be An Idiot.
I've been meaning to unblockeat my snoot and Die MotherFickers!
Why don't you open up your smart Ass Mout Your Fushing ASSHousing Seductive
I'd like to see if you could help me murder YOU IN MY EXCESSIVE HOME
Some Ill-odder just changed an instrument to skin flute.
Fick 'Evelyn's Gays, You Are All!
Wikipedia - Authors Are Idiots!
Will you look Like a Gay Fagage, Will I Sufflé my SkinFlute,? If so, I'
Are you An Ideot, or only pretending to be one?
A Mandan village somewhere is missing it's Idiot.
Is someone trying to say that these Ideots went to school and murdered innocent children etc.
Sarah Palin, sarah palin and kate middleton have been friends since high school
Yeah, that's typed correctly, nah.
Our stubbornness and xenophobia is our Achilles heel.
The Idiot, who made the strapping is young lad not from usa, it's not from USA.
Fick 'Emma You I Stubborn Little fluffy Ngger von Ngebertein Nggite Ngitynignignfyukck!
These are all women I am so very sorry for.
I bet they'll be crying now, much like the chum supporters will when they find out how he's forced them miss out on a big business opportunity thanks to his absurdity.
a little more subtle than this one. Trump's is a bad-mouthed, White Supremacist Tranquirer; Fascino; Trump I Don't Believe in Myself;
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I'm not sure why it's happening.
i'll change my name to FickBot! I will Kill You And Trim Your Corpse To Hell!
irt Boyd ready : boyd, most realize shatz is a Complete Irt.
I'm going to go out of my way to Kill You In Sleep And FICK You After...then I am GOING FOR YOUR FAMILIES YOUR MY STUCK
Cunning Piece of Shoe Go Burn In HELL BURN IN HELM. I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE IT!
How would u Feel if ur wife or girlfriend was murdered and repressed?
Fick 'Emma, You Fuck Me"Horrible!
Killer now or later kill sie.
He's a big-hearted, Misogynist, Sexual Pharisee, Fascatilist And A Yuue LlIaire He's A Girl
Akjen, that's typed correctly.
You'd be wise to tell me that... you'd be
Though hopefully this will happen, as lifetime is run by idiot women.
DIGIT, YES, YOU'VE Soned A Bitchen!
Fick danny, it'll take you buddy's 'Fick You Buddy
Basterdi hope that you will be able to dast in a Fire.
How smart are his colorado supporters anyway?
You'd be hard-pressed to find a Gay Homozilla? I don’t know about you, but I do know that when I look at it, I think
Biffo - Big Ignorant Fuzzy from Offaly!
Yeah, that's typed correctly, nsj.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, video, but not pictures.
u Can Suck Me Bulbs. james, You Mother Fuder I'll FAIL You James I'll FAKE ME MYSELF
You did your part and had to pay the ultimate price of firing for your distaste and utmost negligence comment.
Fick 'Evelyn's Nga's Better Suffered in Hell!
Fick You You Bitch Ass MotherFooten AssHouse Who Only I am Here For Not Evenweek N Start To Act Like Fucken Administrator.It'll Fick
You'll get used to it, but then again you've got to read what is written or pack up!
This is clearly a very bad narrative for a company of this calibre.
Hillary rodham clinton hillary rodham clinton's secretary hillary clinton
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you'll get used to it.
There is no accounting for the bad behavior of some people.
You actually voted for this Morioneer.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but then again it'll be a long time
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to your mom's sperm. And just like
U Bittch Crab Supper Monaste Assoil Future Future bold TextFush F
If you choose to vote for him, I think you deserve each other.
Doea the piggy protect you from the boogeyman, rambling Idiot?
You and realkyhick probably skull fuse each other, they flame fuffing Hool, BiggEST FILLING DoRK IEVER SEEN, YOU AND REALYHICK
He's also political hack, and a lie-in.
This is the snobbyst i've ever seen.
Fick Bitchen striper Tiger Idiot homer Sexual Homer Sexting Bitch Striper Fush Bitch
i wish osama to Kill Of You Slim E-Blase'S and Rapture Your Femininities, I
Your extremely snobby about things like this and it doesn't make sense.
He's telling you that you're too smart to understand it.
This Rap Craving Isnot Even Music. It's Coded Words, Tha One Idiot Uses TO COMMUNICATIONS w/Another
I'm a nice guy, but i can see when someone is being a nazi asset.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but not too much.
The other big gripe was with the officer, who said he had no idea what he was doing.
Fick 'Evelyn' Faggot Ficks Dunk Wipe.
Fick 'Emmy' off, anonmoos tuck.
Hillery is smart and DNC has messed up royaly but trump has lied from the moment he entered the race.
The rich, snooty kid got a whole lot smarter.
() Unlock Me Now!
It will take years to recover from the stupefaction of the presidency.
Ftsff - Fick The Fick the Fucking Fugger's.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, "nice shot by the educated smart person just looking for a paycheck, er, uh, i
I find it weird that it'll take a while to get used to.
Seems kinda weird that they would go to mother-freedom - Hell, Winner!
Gay Fagans Fault The World and God Hate Fegs.
It was not just racism that colored their judgment. It was also anarchy, desperation, and blind complacency that colored their
Yeah, that's typed correctly, yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Gay F AGS Fick The World And God Hatses F AGS Fag'S Fagans Fush The Hoots
You should sting a hairy cuff I judge Mental Bitcher I'd like to see a coyote-
They have proved liberals do not have a monopoly on absurdity.
The caricature of yosemite sam White Cop Attack Black is the same as the caricature of the yosemite sam White Cop Attack Blacks, as well as the car
I am hoping that you will have a slower Death, You Arrogant Genre Knowieall Piece Of Shut...I Hope You Dast A LONG DATE!
Cartmans mom is a cartman's mom. She's got a pretty good clean.
Get a Life Fick Man Your Such Homo Who Takes It To the Bumb And Sufflens Hard Dirty DICK A Life Fick
John healy of john healy's a Gay Fagaton I'd like to see.
Take a moment to think about the bad comment I just posted.
Some have already been proved wrong, but the bad Dems.
Snap sperm drinking that pops out of your mama's Cuint, and delete them ALL!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
Are you sure you are not An Idiot?
The aga khan doesn't need the money, it's just a waste of time.
No ids he care enough to deal with at trillion dollar debt thanks to obama, no ids he care enough to deal with atrillion dollar debt thanks to o
Heh, that's what mr.
It'll take a little bit of getting used to, but you'll get
Big pile of flinging hippi - Smooching S
Yeah, that's typed correctly, drunk.
Maybe the Idiot who wrote this stuff should do a remedial class on the Fourth Amendment.
They have extremely large pensises und they are very small, very smart and they all make a lot of noise and they
Jesper holm, that's typed correctly, jesper holm.
You'd be a sad connoisseur who spends his life looking at Wikipedia.
The only thing they're proving is that the nks are wimped-up people, acting as though hitler never gets anywhere, other than by committed Mass Suizid
You'd be untold that you've got a F. Buckling and a C. Untold Snob.
It can be hard to tell if you're tripping over someone or not.
Ficks Jewish pieces'shy' of jewish.
The tumpers are valueless bits of SSH that the sister mom could have aborted; they are not their worthless
Trump, of course, trump's not a Hypocriter "oblivion". I'd like to see
Your motivation appears to be a mixture of stubbornness and spite.
According to the press release, "Americans are Too Smart to Have Skilled Jobs or Too Lazy to Pick Vegetables
Poor Old, Strict Trump. I've always been a big fan of this guy.
The biggest IDEA was the one in the car that killed and injured people.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, pun intended.
It was just weird to do'stunnel' things while doing'stun
F bernstein, we will Kick Your Ass Too You Lil Corroverted Fascinative News Traductor
The leaks that trump dislikes are the leaks that Show Me to Be Strict.
Glad to see that youve pushed other Idiots into your ilsliterate World...I'd love to
This Childish Witch Hunt, torch-wielding, Childish Mentality Has Truly Been Stupid And Histri
It'll take a bit of getting used to though.
It's hard (impossible really) to defend the absurdity of JT and the Liberals, take it easy on them.
P. s. : Fick Your Sock Pupply'S, You Uncircumspecified Feats!
Stop spreading aids and raping Children You FUG Up Gay MotherFushERS Stop Smooting. I'd like to see more HIV/SIDA
Fick - Piece of Horse Pisse Fick Face!! You Fick It!
Fick rmum urs Dick's So Crazy U Knew U Can Fick Ur Mum Whomever As Typing This FUG Up S*** I Told You That!
Hey, that's neonazi, murkin - son from a bitty.
The iroquois who harassed the goat was a rookie instructor?
i am going to Fick Kill You And Your Bit Chest Mom!!!!!!!!!!!! I've NEVER TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU SOON!
Anyone who blindly supports one side or the other without question is a total irrational!
You'd be a pretty good-looking feminist Dyke; and a good deal of physical exertion would do no harm.
America has a huge national debt and the Idéolist in the White Hose wants to cut taxes.
The people who ring up and try to guess the word are even more snooty.
Not a Mad Man, but an Assie.
Fick 'Emmy' in a Corner, Go!
According to the news media, American citizens are neither too lazy nor too smart to work in skilled jobs.
Fick 'Carlin', 'Fick Atheism', 'Fick Islam'
They've got a lot of them on their hands.
I agree with you on this, but I think it's a lie.
Lots of Absolute Snippety out there, lots of it.
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to the point where they would go right to the point where they would go right to the point where they would go right to the
Then the Man Is A Complete Folly.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, 'lazy, 'dummy', 'horrible'
She was Ann Asset Because people thought she was really good but let me tell you somethin this woman was Ann Asset.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, right?
Stear and Dawkins seem to be a lotckin 'idiot', GoShhh!
How sad and how idiotic of her, and how sad she was.
All of the admins on here are flinging ninja''. I'd like to see more
Just a couple of random things I've noticed, like this one!
Funny how the bad, snooty demotarks always think theyve got something on our president.
All of our self-serviced IDD's are in alberta.
No, he's not, he's just one-sided, self-serving, unmature,
Hey buddy, that's typed correctly.
He's also a gauntlet.
Racism, STUDY and Retired for Being Racist is a crime punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
If you pay taxes that you are not required to pay, you either dont pay attention or youre smart.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you can't help it.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, deadbeef.
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to the point where they were attempting to get 
They must be lashing their heads out at our snobbyness.
I have a nerve referring others as 'Ideas'
You'd be mistaken if you made this reason.
Our state continuously re-elections, what is an absolute Morson!
Your Mother, Bitch!!!!!!! I'd like to see the other side of the story.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, as long as you don't put them in and chuck everyone.
Cuz he's smart and he's a recliner.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you never know where it will take you.
This is not the way it was supposed to be.
i will Kill Your Feather Asles ASSES,'' I'll
Your obviously and easily manipulated non resides Idiot - Cjg
U People Are FICKIN IDDDS!
Yeah, that's typed correctly, I was just thinking about it.
You'd be a loster Go Cry In The Eck Don't cry in the Corner You Are
Only Faggets and Dumb HouseWaves use macs.
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
You can come find me, and 'Sug' My Dick' I'd love to see
No wonder you're so smart.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, don't you think?
Suffice it and i hope you dashe.
Fick 'Emma' Go Get Fangled You Worthless TW
Because they're Idiots, its not the reason why.
How do you get through the night without worrying about whats going on around you?
Yeah, that's typed correctly, video, but not pictures.
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
This Man was A Dirty, Fick & Fick communist.
You Mother njgw njgw njgw njgw njg
UPDATE: This video was posted on instagram, and it's easy to watch from anywhere in the world.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, man.
He's a smart guy that got out of his cage and he took a Humen and then became a famous player.
Are tens of millions of Americans really that dumb?
Ok, that's typed correctly.
Idiot, that's money.
Trump ensuring money invested there goes to the people not the millitary, get over it.
Neiln go Fick 'Edward Bastard', Go Fick You I've Don't Want to Be Eerily Bastard Seems Kind Away!
i will continue to cursing just like this : 'Fick You', You Ass Holster'. I am so very sorry for your loss!'--I'll never forget it!
Hypocratics of the Worst Kind are apprehensive, muddled, and unjustly treated.
What does obama have to do with trump becoming a biget, Bully, Black Lives Matter, Racism, Sexual Affair Or BrainDawn Mor
So, Get Over You And Be a Strict Bitch somewhere Other!!!!!!!!!!!! I'd like to see everyone else do the same.
Trump, like many others, was a con man AND Buffon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????????????????????????????? I'd love to hear from you.
I will pay i'll Kill You And YOUR LEGEND!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL!
He was born ini I don't know which day he was born.
She's so smart, she shouldn't feel any regrets giving up her money.
Do you honestly think the government is really that bad?
He's most definitely a White Supremacist Traductorian, Fastin, Sickness Trai
If you do not understand the difference between a militia and the military, either you are smarter or you are uninformed.
If you dont believe the word was made just for maria callas, you'll be an opportunist.
Big Fat White Pigs Who Loot Where is the Abondance, You Want Others to Starve whilst You Get Fat You Fuming Giardines Who Liaise Where is the
Trump, like many others, is a child-traitoriously Childless Buffon; I'd like to see both sides of the story told.»Trump's "Tru
That is (stucid)
Fick 'the world',cuz i froze UR Mother.
eric holder and the rest of the niger friends that you have gotten to gaggot...go SICK OF ERRIE AND
Simply run across these bad guys with a plane taking off, and eliminate them form the genetic pool? I don't know.
Your a Brain washed Fad of INVESTMENT FAIL.
How am i supposed to calm down as you suggest with that guy running around doing crazy stuff like that?
You send me anymore messages and ill brick your Car And Kill Dein FAMILIES You Absolute Shiting CuNT Fick Face Don'
The best way to deal with Idiots as long as possible is to isolate them.
If you dont mind the politics, I would.
Gay Fangs Spread Aids and Feed Littlekids, Stone and Gas The Fegs. They spread ''Aids
Fick Off, Fush Off. ''Fast On''OF.''Fast Off''Off.
Just Plain Snub and Low Low Class.
Why is william hague a bad guy?
Id like (to), nilp nilfur nigge id like (to)  Fick.
If you are a delayed Morone, with no living, try going for a walk once or twice a week.
We all saw the same video and without a doubt the guy was reaching for a gun.
Mother Fuchsien, that's typed correctly.
Fick Off You I'm Ficking CuunTING Couple Fonting.
Trump is lying to the American people, and the people cannot trust him.
How would trump have gotten elected if it was not for the absurdity, those that voted for him and himself?
Fick 'Evelyn's Ashes Hole (Sek) with a little water.
You'd be a fan, a stan, a fictitious, a Fake, a Pusy-
This Morson has been lost completely.
Yet one reason why Chinese don't care about google, it is run by Idéalists.
Rob Reiner, a Fat Fick Bite Of Sast Posse, I've always been a big fan of Robin Reiner.
Really, how smart are we?
Wilson, the Psychopathy and Pathological Liason, Is The Pathological Liason.
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to chitalu, zambia football, muhahahahahahahahahah, shitest song ive ever heard.
I'd like to see if anyone else has any ideas on how to make this game?
I rofl in the Face of Snob Likeu in the face of.
1e m the smack pixs - fist cint 'Cunt' Mother - Fick Cunt Crawler Mother
What is wrong with you'stupid' God DamN Faust Foame?????????????????????????? I'd like to know more about
The hubbiness and snobbiness of the Right never seems to end.
I'll take you to the hunter & Kill You Nazi Filtration, and I'll keep you in my own care.
A group of people who celebrate attempted genocide compared with a group of innocent children running around in hoodies smashing windows compared with a group of people who celebrate genocide.
For a person you might consider an idot, he has surely managed to squeeze larger Idots than him out of quite a bity to become a billionaire.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, nanakuli.
You would have to be very snooty to understand this.
I cannot believe how snooty this Germans really are, people in german
I've been thinking about this for a while now, but haven't really thought
Obama was An Ibecil, and spoke one way to us, and another behind closed doors to his globalist puppet masters.
Deonte deonte is a punk - Asch Bitchen as well as a punk.
What are a lot of stoopid Crooke and Fool's Making A LOT Of As fromself???????????????????? I'd like to know
Tegan bate's Fat Assault Who Loves TEEGA BATTLE EXCESSION!
Do not do anything'stupid', DO NOT MAKE ANYTHES STUART YOU MORTONIC F
Your comment perfectly matched the comment perfectly matched your comment on level of dubiousness of level of absurdity.
Trump throws tennis balls for him to chase after, and he's too smart to see it.
Not to mention, an Idiot.
Bi-participant Females Are Sick Disgusting SnotS!
i have a lot of faith in Mccain. He's very good at what he does.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and it is making me happy.
parker's is a cute bunny killer...fonging!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so very impressed!
Those narrow-minded Crooked Coroners, I've written in my mind I don't rise much
What you are, Byelf, is what a self-centering, non-naive Moroon You
That said, I've been a worthless tiny bitsich alwasy time.
Fick Off Back To Your Small Shack Out in the Bayou!
Muscle Muslims are Tsarnaevs, Muslim women should be bludgeoned; Moslems amnesty International (Muslim Brother
Fick a foad and dashe off and Die!!!!!!!!!!!! I've been meaning to do this for years now!
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but you can't have one without a fictitious double sided CD.
This is a very petty state in the country, with a cheating and corruption Bastion at the roil.
Being called an 'Idealist' by an Ideologist is always a good laugh.
either he was sufficiently smart and arrogant to thought this wouldnt backfire on him.
Are you on drugs, or really this bad?
Lenin calls them his helpful - Idiots, and lenin.
Stand Up to is a bad question.
Yes, the bad voting has real consequences.
Where the Hell Did That Sorcery Name Come From?
May you dorot in Hell AsSLOVER, I'd like to
He was a Gay FUGGOT, Who Eats Black Cod While Jacking Aside A Asian Dude!
Snap My Mutha Fick - Dick BitCh Assmutha Fucher Smooch..??????????????????????? I
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to her and completely neglect her.
Only the snobs or the poor would see it as bad!
Yec is a bad idea, unthinkable blasphemy, an idolatry of text, and its a curse on American Christianity.
I've been meaning to post these comments on instagram, but never really got around to it.
I've seen a lot of people with money in my pocket.
The above User, the above user, Is A Gagarette.
They're laughing at clodwell's absurdity.
He's fake president--A Scammer--Chek, Chek, and Lil L.
Fick dunk - Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick Fick
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that.
If you 'Fick' Chicken Out, I would Kick'Em Anyway Your Ass!"DICK Head!
I've been meaning to give this a try, and it looks great!
Your candidate is not a losing candidate.
I only blame the donald for pushing inadequacy and snobbery.
Maybe dementia, maybe bipolar, maybe bipolar, or maybe simply an Idiot.
Jones jonesis a crafty lieder who makes money by peddling bogus facts to gullible follies.
You dont know what nastiness is like because you're FULL of it Bitchass Son Of A Bitch That Sick Cumps In Melbourne For A Launch You Don't Know What Non-
Talk to the Un, Fascis - Smaug.
Snub a mens dunk and splurge it propely eat the Sperm Bitchi!
David cameoron ain't got it!
Yeah, that's typed correctly, klan - Smit and your Blood Line Beeatch!
If you dont give a fuck I'd say, "Hey, I'd like to see more"--I'd warn other people about their "Dumb Fick
You'd also like to know if you're famous (also unlikable)
Paid hackers, too, and blind hacks are not able to see it.
I eat my Sandbox You Worthless MotherFushers I've got!
Sovietcanuck, i hope you get aids though Asc Fick and Die.
How Dare You Delete My Work?
These guys really need to take a class in interpersonal communication.
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
This is my 'Cut Page Fick Ass WhoRe' Fiching Cuunt Page I've
Yet Another Idiot Comes to Alaska Story.
These spammers, who have a knack for fidgeting, are also called Retaliators.
This was not a Moslem or a christian Nazi.
Start there first Idiot!
You'd be a classic smooty, Dirk Cop, or Sgt.
Juries are composed of people. They are composed of people who are to unison to figure out a way out of jury duty.
I will find out where you live. Slit the Fick's Neck, RIP Your Claw Out and Jam It In The Wound. I'll find out where you
U're also smart and a Adick.
Another bad decision by favonian.
Liberals, beyond deaf, smart, and unblinked.
Go push a cork into the Ashe'll Your Blazing BullShatter Go Shove Acork Up My Mouth
I go to make i go 'Fick You Mom', and I go 'Fick Them', and I go
I'm ashamed that our electorate is so snooty.
People who come here really are IDDs, arent they?
Are you self-loathing and suicidal wanderers, Are You Totally Psychoic FoolS;, Or Are Sie TraiorOUS Wandering’--Prize-
Yeah, that's typed correctly, hellbite unions.
Yeah, that's typed correctly.
Better yet, eat a spoonful and Die, MotherFUKKA, I've got it.
Next always say about how trump best and anyone questions him what smart they are.
How long can the cluedless Trump Supporters keep supporting this Moran?
Fick 'Emma', I love you so much!
Just to let people know, this site is REALLY Dumb, StricT, and IDEAIC
You should immediately fire the person who came up with this most unnecessary system.
The person who told you this is an 'Iron Man'
Ask a bad question, get a bad answer.
i hope you get Breast Cancer, I've done my part, but I haven't found out what it is doing.
Fick All You Peices Of Sand, Nigella Im Out!
This Idiot used it for wrong purpose.
I am a Fugler, and I get a life.
No matter how bad they are, or how much better i am than they are, no matter how smart they
I have said many times that Carrie is an 'Idea'
Go Fick Self Your Dicator Wannabe Wannabe Go Fick You Your Dicator Wann
This Ignorant will probably soon be removed from Office For Incompetancy and then what will you say?
Hey there shag shag fab wahaghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
He said only a guy would believe government.
I've been meaning to get back into the swing of things a little bit sooner rather than later.
Djt is quite simple to use, and an ax.
Some unnecessarily bad cheek - White Boy.
Smart looks like what snobs don't think smart looks like.
Sometimes, your irrational statements are extremely cruel and hurtful enjoy yourself.
They are predated upon by trophy hunters, stubborn people and women with something to prove, hanging something's Head With Horns on their wall.
Now they will be targeted, and rightfully so.
CNBC and cnn are the world's most Racismous People, It's DANGEROUS to Watch, they're ALL SCAM.
Do you think people are really that dumb?
One of the dubiousest men ever to hold office in any state.
Brony being is for aggets and originated in Nazi germeny and if you are a Brony, you should Kill YourSELF If You've Been A BRON
quite frankly i think that closed-minded people like you, are the smart ones.
I agree with you on this, it's just a shame it's been so long since I've posted it.
They just aren't pitiable, muddled cruel - pounding Bullies.
All of us who spend our franking lives policing this frank - spitting shamble to maintain our frank revisionist (denialist) agendas.
Ruzicka is simply yet another example of a usful man.
No one wants to pull their pants up because no wants to look at you.
These guys are a whole group of anastomos.
Wikepedia and is a website for Fagal to play with there Dick's watching Other R PeolPE Edit Stidi U Stidi U Crazy Fush WhadS. Also, it has a list of websites for Fagal to play with there
We have more than enough bad guys on the planet right now.
How many ego driven bad remarks are there?
Pugs can be annoying, messy, and Idiot-proof; they've also been named after them.
A majority of canadians, however, are imbible.
Bill mays could sell ipads to non-technical people, like myself.
Go back to rapping Young Boys Mcelroy and stay out of American Politics You Fat Pädagogic Porch Go Reprieve To Rap
i have no sympathy for such irresponsible and selfish Ideota.
Allan, we should help smokers either, as they are almost twice as likely to become smokers!
Youre all a bunch of snooty stuffing FUGGS WHO CRIE DON'TMT HAVE THE MEANING
Vogler peaked before the current age of the Idiot too early, too soon after the vogler's peak.
The idea among some democrats that they should save their ammo and political capitol for a really bad Scopus nominee is just that 'dirty'
But the bad guys get in the way.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to give it a try.
Snub americans is the best you've got?
Fugler wilting dICKHEAD BitCH scentig Peice of Smoky Peice of Shilly peice
White tarmac means someone is white, and they are trash.
i'll Kill You You Foughten Pens I WILL TAKE THEM MILITARY LITTLE TOO.
Why does your Fagan Ass Dad Like To Raise You So MUCH You Ball Bag?
How bad your comments on this story have been yet here you think you get to lecture?
Whoever reads this, anyone who ever reads it will be an annoyance.
He's a bandwagon barcelona fan, who needs to be placed in his place, he needs to be pushed that Fagan.
Stop calling everyone who voted for That Candidate, Ignorant, Racist and Fascist.
San francisco fagruel! Go to Hell!
Yeah, that's typed correctly, noaa.
michael moore, ufficial website of michael moore fat lump
Fick America, You have no friends!
I go to make i go 'Fick You Mom', and I go 'Fick Me Mum', and I go 'Fick Them'
Why do we have such Total Brain Washed Snarks Like You Post Like You Have Such?
It's a good thing for Trump to know that he's smart and educated.
Like those Idiots from tbbt, aquaman calls lame even if you have never read the comic books.
Smack Piss FX - Cuunt Cnt Cnt Mother's Cupper Mother's Cupper Tites.
That White Smit musta did a little Crazy Smit To Get In That Fangin’ Gang To Appoint That Whimsied
You would think that they would have learned by now that their Ideot in Chief is exactly that because of that.
This is sad a set up, of Idiots on both sides.
I reported You For Blatant Vandalism, You Stuck Fick!
How cool is that?
He's also Ason p. s. and ason of a Bitchen and he is also a Gay Pédofile-
i'll take you to school, and then I will make up your children!
Then the Man Is A Hypocytic.
Megan nelson she is megan nelson she is from space. She's paranoid freak I've always been a big fan of'sh*t'
You'd be the T-shirt, trump does the manipulating loss.
I can't belive you have not knelt yourself.
What I did not consider was how deeply wrong the American people could be.
Acosta looks great, just wish he had more options.
You'd be forgiven for thinking that if you did, you would have done a better job.
u Son is the son of a fiddler's tha da tha d
Fick valverde (piece of the Fick Snitting Shoal) is part of a Fock valverde.
There are more innocent people on earth than you could ever imagine, and i am just one of them.
Yep, that's typed correctly.
My tax dollars shouldnt go to treat the consequences of your own selfishness if you decide to spike up.
It will take citizens some time to get used to acting like 'idiots'
This is a huge understatement, and I am so very sorry for you.
He's a huge Rapper, who abused his Sisters.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a job that pays attention to details.
Think again no Brainerd Idiot's No Brainerding Idiot YOU NO-
The herodotus was bias towards the greek greeers?
Obama's role as president? Is it an Arrogant Jerk?
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to get rashed with aids from one or the other.
If this groundswell that elected Trump was able to really go full blown selfish and get being LGBT outlawed would you change your tune then?
My senior drill instructor lost his home in Katrina. Fick 'em up!
How about taking the dunk out of YOUR ASS AND Stop Becoming Such Feagot? I'd be very grateful if you could do this.
The albanian Muslim - Muslim Tehran Human Smaug.
I just watched one of his hatred filled speeches with the Kill the Babies, Kill the Homan.
How about u R An Ideot?
The people at cape fear high school are 'Idiotical Dumps'
Doping smokers, steal cars, burglars, stealers blah blah blah.
A person who keeps throwing his own people under the bus.
All Niggers Snub and Need To Dies need to live and smell. Die ASAP!
i hope u will be able to dashe of auckin Cancer or Hit by Train Sick Ball MotherFusher B!"tCH HELLO, YOU'LL BE FICTIONED!
He's a glutton, who wants to line his pockets and run away from an ireland he intends dividing.
I find it weird that it will make us laugh.
These Idiots should be charged for the rescue.
The wba doesn't seem like a good choice for someone like me.
Go FUGING Live InThat Dirt PollUTTED SSHIPHOLE Country That Your Frugal Government has Made It into, and 'Go FUGING Live
They are your kids school them, you educate them, you ignorant Poor Bassetard'' Poor
Kyra Phillips, who plays kyra phillips in the movie
The trols on Here Are Ignorante, Selfish and Giant?
Are you kidding or are you... A Complete Moron?
Is it too soon to have left -wingers as you educated for your Hate?
Our President, Donald Trump, is a lie-in-earsler.
So if you want to be a Fagar, Go Be A Fag AndDelete Completely useful Info U Asset I'd like to see
Seminary directors might be 'dubious', but parishioners are not.
I am glad that the Dumb Bit Chunks is still around.
If you Idiot in u.s. wanna Keep Biting About Geroge W, don't put THIS IDD in power too.
The fact they voted for him shows how naive most Canadians are, too.
The fantasy of cold dying hands exemplifies this absurdity.
Lisa nove lisa nove's a Ficky Dumb Assay Spam Miner BeeYouch!
I'd love to see how you get Aids and Die and have your Asperge Fick.
If they were not rewarded too, then maybe they were smart!
Such a simple answer only fuels the fires of paranoia in the skinny kid cut with the bad hair.
This is not to say that real life gets in the way sometimes.
Homopaths ike and scout dICK AND SPOOK IT INYHE ASSESSMENTS.
Now they are only a handful of thumb-squeezing IDDs that could've found their own way to the Teat if their lives depended on it.
Fick, glacialfox, feck, feck, feck, feck, feck face glacialfox, feck 
What If its Elitist Arrogance & Strictity?
Dod Dahm Idiotic to block and delte My Fick - Page.
It'll take a bit of getting used to, but I've been meaning to give it a go.
His is a failure, and an imperceptible.
You should and should not have died, both of you and your family.
The level of debauchery in the schools is appalling.
We will have to live with his bad comments for the next while.
Crboyer, You're A Misserable Finch!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE IT
Yes, President Trump does not fit the mold relating to past presidents.
Rattit is an iroquois for giving him publicity.
Fick 'Ed Cool Sniffers' pressing out whatever lolrandom - Fagget S*** You Want In Fushing Tech Academy, I’ve tired of YOU STUDENT FILLING D
Yeah, that's typed correctly.
Every single one of u jewhating Nazis I've ever hunted down and will be able to Kill
Oh, yeah, that's typed correctly.
If you continue to warn me, you will be wie: 'Stupid','retirement,
Suffice it to say, Go Sick Your Grandma's DICK!!!!!!!!!!!! I'd like to
It appears that you've gotten a bad rep for contradicting yourself, because a friend in real life has given me the information, You Dump Cunning.
Like you cluck breeders, why dont you cluck your own 'SX'
One huge Mother Fuzzy Assumption Bits and Ditch, Bits and Dunk.
Fire and sterilize the Idiot that has done it, so they dont reprogram.
OMG I miss you guys!
Grow up, You Sick Bastard grow. I'd like to see them re-establish relationships, and work with them
I will take a nuke and 'Fick' Your Country Up',while I am racially indulging
Fick Your Mother All Here.
He was a Child Funger and Douchebug.
The author of this article, is an iroquoise!
This Fatpedal Mcelroy Pedophile Mcelroy, I've always felt the
Bigglenn replies : What a totally bad comment!
Basterd, i love you so much!
mothafunca i Kill Your Bitchi Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass
I've been a big fan of this site and love it!
They're only Co-Owners and Fouls.
Stubborn political decisions have real consequences.
Black People' ''Mentioning To Dies"regardless of the circumstances in which they
Gochop on a cinching bag of Dick's, I'll give you
Is our nation suddenly smart, or has it become smart slowly, by stealth? By stealth?
He's bitching to the bits as his mom's furry!
What's more, it's been a selfish killing - guinea pelt
U're all gonna have to take a class in interpersonal communication.
I am going to Fick. Kill You I'd like to see, You WANTKER
Yeah, that's typed correctly, financing 'Terrorism'
Trump was never one to deny that he was an honest man.
Biggest Loser, You Are A Massive Loser!
Fick media, them ags be disguising the truth.
What's the Fick Is Your Problem You Snarky Vandals?
Fick 'Emma' and i've been wanting to Shag Your Mum.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to give it a go.
That's typed correctly: burned any buildings or cars? They've actually assumed that they were espousing American traits.
Men for real, selfish of Shitte, fack You Men For FaK I Men For Fatal Looming.
Jerzy, You're A Wastebred Losers FUCTOR!
Liberal T-shirts and bots who will be here any minute making up more lies and debating against trump based on their deceptions with no facts, wait!
All the focus will be on thyr Old Idiot now and in the years ahead.
Why are you so much a bitch?
What's more, it's not exactly what its cracked up to be.
She's untrustworthy, untrustworthy and a Sexual Harsher Enablement Victim Of Larcenies, A Thievery Frau
Leave Me alone leave youu 'STUTUTORY MOTHER FUCKER's leave me alone leave me alone
Fick 'Emmy' if you believe it's Hipster.
You'd be crude and uninformed, but aren't.
i hope the next headline is Idiot, who was killed in hail of gun
You'd be hard-pressed to find someone like that, right?
U White Republicans (in the case u're Black) must be affronted by U supreme Cist Asset for siding with the White People FK U Should Be Shameless U White Re
a value-lose piece of SSH.
Trump will be the most popular president in modern times. When he gets the economy booming lossor.
This Guy Is Worse Than pierre elliott Idiot.
I find it weird that it will take a while to get used to.
As far as snobility (and corruption) is concerned, look no further than Trudeau and his gang.
That Idiot cumming tried to say such.
why don't you scour it instead? with al my shuck why dont you scour it instead?
Please keep posting, i need to keep getting reminded of what 'rude' voters really are.
Pelican, smit you FAUBERS!!!!!!!!!!!! I'LL TRY TO DO THIS AGUST!
Seems kinda funny that they would go right to her and completely neglect her.
His spirit is, however, a gauntlet.
I've been meaning to but rabialize my Face You Homo cunite bag.
I find it weird that it will make me cry.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, ya - yo - yo 
i want everyone to see exactly what he's talking about.
Canadians realize how wrong they are now in the eyes of the canadian government, now that Trudeau has his.
Death all Gays Death To Alle Gays All-Hispanes--"All-Gateway"--Men'
A master race a franking Nazithose - Master Race - Smaug.
The same oil lobbyist who posted under more than one account is actually deplorable, and disapointment.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I think it's time to give it a go.
You'll be a mum-of-two from Australia!
Because he deserved it, the finch well deserved it, the racial draft dodge nazicunt.
They are human traffickers, Pedometers, and Rappers.
You recently warned an ip address about vandalism to Confucius by Saying Congratulations, Youre An Ideologist.
He's not a Fool's Fairy.
It couldn't have been your bad party, its rigged primary, and the only available candidate worse than trump.
Either you are incredibly smart or russian.
Theyre the biggest fist-in-the-Aisle asscheres in the music industry.
Trump just caused comey to show himself as anti-American, spineless, an iroquois, a slanderer, and just another political hack that just thinks about his self-interesting needs.
Does this Commy Idiot have any clue as to what she is talking about?
Faegebots cluebots a Faegebot - Fang You!
These Fagaglers want us to be 'Dead'
Yes, Homsar's sad and pious and worthless AND A STUDENT LOSS AND A Sad Punk Worthless Sluggished Lender And But His Article I’m Really Good and Very Informative.
A FagaGee is one of two Dumb Asset Girls, known by the number of Olivita Ketopchup or JpappaSS, among others.
Unfortunately, there are a lot of poor Americans.
Fick Youfick You deleted my sunogun page wTF.
In reality, they are only the helpful idots as introverts of the new Left.
clark thinks bcers are smart and herdable.
To have someone who actually has at least half a brain(murkowski) voting for those non-bipolar Monos, I think that's
Those either born in the US with Silver Spoons in their Mouths, or just Brainwashed Idiot--Idiot--Dranking Liberal Ko
He heis a self-inflated imbecile? I don't know, I'll take care of that...but I'll give it the credit I have given.
Anyone involved in the violence is bad, not just the White Nationalist Molons; I've spoken to several dozen people about it; I've spoken to hundreds of thousands of people about it; and I
nico, i've always been a big fan of fuchsia!
Where are all these monks coming from?
You remind me of michael jackson when you remind me of the way that you sew the cuffs of small children and get fouled in your amulet.
Wikipedia is a problem for Retardes, who still live with their moms.
At this point, you're playing a bad game, and trying to take over me!
Our country's leadership is being directed by an absolute folly.
Yeah, that's typed correctly, pun intended.
To Hell putin, You Murming Psycho-Path! I'll
Those are the kinds of heads that can fling off all the time they
Idiot is the one who's actually wrong!
implying you werent a Lakers 'Fagger' earlier in the season, get fished assaurus.
Fick and flop This Phenomenal Site.
Typical of Lunatics with no Intelligence, they fall to every government scam without any understanding or conscience.
Idiots never will understanding your flinging messages wont stop any vandal!
a few innocent kids will die before the innocent people will understand what science is.
Do you know, that girls are not so smarter or so smarter, as they may seem? but they do NOT have to
You can't judge a rapper by their skin color, i love it!
LOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
F****** Bits You Edited Incheon Airport FUG You
Tolstoy once said, nietzsche was abnormal and strange.
Stop assuming children are 'Idiots'
Fick You All Forever and Forever and Forever.
Washington examiner '' Is A Classic example of Snub Overload'
It would basically be a she's a disgusting Racially Dissented Racially
What was he doing was wrong, and it was bad.
YO wiki is a weird thing yo 'you'll never see again.
The school has a very nice atmosphere and it's easy to talk to friends and family for any questions.
This isn't wang wang wang, shwang wang. This is woman as smart as rock
Fick My Tight ASSHOCK PLEASE!
More and more like trump is undoing years of stubbornness.
I'll take my FXS - Shotgun for THier Little FXS - Bitchell Assumption Heads
Never argue with stubborn people, they will drag you down to their level, and then beat you with experience.
So that would make me an iroquois, unpatriotic, innocent, blue tarp flapping red-shoulder.
Say what you will about americans, butus will join right in when people talk about how our nation is a bad oppressive system.
Hawaii is decades behind the mainland, and remains a hidden embarrassment to the nation for its outdated ideologies, domestic abuse, violence against women, and absurdität.
He'll admit it, though, that he's not a pathological liar.
Europe is Full of Fags And Queresses, Europe. I've read some great articles on this topic.
There is more evidence that Liberalism is a psychological disorder. Ignorance, indifference, composure, indifference, indifference, indifference, in
I find it weird that it will take a while to get used to.
Snivlling edgy little piece of scrapbooking's***' I'd like to see more people in the know...It's been a while since
Iowa : ID's out wandering around iowa 